hi guys today on divas can cook we are
making country fried chicken
this chicken is like crazy good and it
is so easy which is why I like it and
hopefully you will too
so let's get started okay we gonna start
by making a brine to make our chicken
nice and chill all right are we gonna
start by adding our kosher salt sour
buttermilk followed by some hot sauce
and because I like flavor baby now to go
ahead and stir it up get everything nice
and combined just like that okay now
we're going to pour this brine over our
chicken that's just one little five
pound chicken that I've cut up okay make
sure the bride is completely covering
the chicken we're gonna brine it for
about one hour
that's not too long no after an hour go
ahead and pour that brine out we don't
need it no more but yeah I just pour it
all out and then rinse your chicken
really really good we don't need any
more of that salty brine left on this
chicken so rinse rinse rinse okay all
right now it's going to place my chicken
on a pan anywhere that you can season it
up you put it on the plate wherever that
really matter just place on a pan
because we are going to start seasoning
here is a blend of seasonings I like to
use on my fried chicken just make sure
you sprinkle that on there really really
good and don't forget you can go to my
blog divas can cook calm to get the
measurements and print out the recipe
and all that good stuff okay so don't be
shy with these seasons you guys okay
don't be shy
cook them bad boys in that season and
make sure and I was going to kind of
like toss them around make sure
everything is nice and coated and it
looks divine
alright so here's my flour mixture I'm
just going to add in some salt and some
black pepper you gotta have black pepper
yes yes yes lots of black pepper and
some celery salt just like that now
we're just going to mix it all up like
so little whisk and you can add any more
seasonings okay I'm trying to keep it
simple here now just take your chicken
with one hand throw it into that flour
and with the other hand just toss the
flour onto the chicken and get it nice
and coated okay and then just repeat
this step with the rest of the chicken
I'm going to let it sit on a little rack
okay and just coat it really good in the
flour and now just let it sit until that
flour is kind of absorbed into the skin
and when the
so I have kind of you know absorbed a
little bit we're gonna throw that bad
boy right back into that flower and
double um bread this thing okay I did
not use any egg because you know I ain't
full of no no egg mixture okay I'm
trying to keep it as simple as possible
in this chicken is so the bomb
it is super chill sigh it's so fun to
say say it to it's like so fun
alright my all it's already heated I'm
gonna place my chicken into my fryer
basket and this chicken was so small I
probably fried it for like I don't know
what 16 minutes or so but I'll put some
um some frying times on my blog make it
a little bit easier then I'm gonna let
it drain on a rag and then go ahead and
repeat with the rest of the chicken you
want to fry darhk's with the darks and
the white meat with the white meat and
then you are done easy easy easy
I hope you guys enjoyed this recipe and
you can get it as see what can cook calm
bye